README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="AgoraX Logo" width="200" height="200" />
  <h1>AgoraX - Digital Democracy Platform</h1>
</div>


A comprehensive digital democracy platform built for Greek citizens to participate in transparent and reliable voting processes. The platform combines modern web technologies with location-based features to enable community-driven decision-making through polls, surveys, and discussions.

## Features

### Poll Management
- **Standard Polls**: Simple voting with multiple choice options and ranking support
- **Survey Polls**: Complex questionnaires with multi-step voting interface
  - Three question types: single choice, multiple choice, ordering/ranking
  - Conditional/branching questions based on previous answers
  - Progress tracking through multi-question surveys
- Location-based restrictions with GPS geofencing
- Time-based poll scheduling and automatic expiration

### Location Services
- GPS-based user location detection and verification
- Reverse geocoding using OpenStreetMap Nominatim API
- Geographic region detection for Greek territories
- Geofenced poll participation based on coordinates

### Identity & Security
- **Unique Voter Verification**: Implements "One Account - One Person - One Vote" using government-issued documents.
- **Gov.gr Integration**: Validates digital signatures from the Greek government's Gov.gr portal to ensure authentic identities.
- **Solemn Declaration Verification**: Users must upload a digitally signed Solemn Declaration from Gov.gr to verify their identity.
- **Anti-Fraud**: Prevents duplicate voting by securely verifying the uniqueness of each voter without storing sensitive personal data.

### Authentication
- **Local authentication** with secure password hashing
- **Google OAuth** integration
- **Session-based authentication** with secure cookies
- **Role-based access control** (admin/user roles)

### Content Management
- Rich text content creation with TipTap editor
- Comment system with threaded discussions
- File upload and image processing

### Analytics & Reporting
- Comprehensive analytics dashboard for platform insights
- User engagement tracking and statistics
- Poll popularity and participation metrics
- Activity trend analysis with visual charts

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: React with TypeScript
- **Routing**: Wouter
- **State Management**: TanStack Query
- **UI Components**: Radix UI primitives with Tailwind CSS
- **Form Handling**: React Hook Form with Zod validation
- **Rich Text**: TipTap editor
- **Maps**: Leaflet with OpenStreetMap

### Backend
- **Runtime**: Node.js with Express.js
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **ORM**: Drizzle ORM
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **Authentication**: Passport.js

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+
- PostgreSQL database

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
DATABASE_URL=your_postgresql_connection_string
SESSION_SECRET=your_session_secret
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_google_oauth_client_id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_google_oauth_client_secret
```

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Push database schema
npm run db:push

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5000`.

## Project Structure

```
├── client/                 # Frontend React application
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/    # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── hooks/         # Custom React hooks
│   │   ├── lib/           # Utility functions
│   │   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   │   └── App.tsx        # Main application entry
├── server/                 # Backend Express application
│   ├── routes.ts          # API routes
│   ├── storage.ts         # Database operations
│   ├── auth.ts            # Authentication configuration
│   └── utils/
│       └── ballot-client.ts # Client for Python Ballot Service
├── ballot_service/         # Python FastAPI Service for Ballot Validation
│   ├── main.py            # Service entry point
│   ├── validator.py       # validation logic
│   └── requirements.txt   # Python dependencies
├── shared/                 # Shared code between frontend and backend
│   └── schema.ts          # Database schema and types
└── package.json

## Ballot Service (Python)

The platform includes a dedicated microservice for validating Gov.gr PDF ballots using digital signature verification.

### Prerequisites (Python)
- Python 3.10+
- pip (Python package manager)

### Installation

```bash
cd ballot_service
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running the Service

```bash
# Activation is required first
source venv/bin/activate

# Run the server
uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8001
```

The service will run at `http://localhost:8001`. The main Node.js application expects this service to be running for PDF validation features to work.

```

## License

This project is proprietary software.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

docs: update copyright and license information

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="AgoraX Logo" width="200" height="200" />
  <h1>AgoraX - Digital Democracy Platform</h1>
</div>


A comprehensive digital democracy platform built for Greek citizens to participate in transparent and reliable voting processes. The platform combines modern web technologies with location-based features to enable community-driven decision-making through polls, surveys, and discussions.

## Features

### Poll Management
- **Standard Polls**: Simple voting with multiple choice options and ranking support
- **Survey Polls**: Complex questionnaires with multi-step voting interface
  - Three question types: single choice, multiple choice, ordering/ranking
  - Conditional/branching questions based on previous answers
  - Progress tracking through multi-question surveys
- Location-based restrictions with GPS geofencing
- Time-based poll scheduling and automatic expiration

### Location Services
- GPS-based user location detection and verification
- Reverse geocoding using OpenStreetMap Nominatim API
- Geographic region detection for Greek territories
- Geofenced poll participation based on coordinates

### Identity & Security
- **Unique Voter Verification**: Implements "One Account - One Person - One Vote" using government-issued documents.
- **Gov.gr Integration**: Validates digital signatures from the Greek government's Gov.gr portal to ensure authentic identities.
- **Solemn Declaration Verification**: Users must upload a digitally signed Solemn Declaration from Gov.gr to verify their identity.
- **Anti-Fraud**: Prevents duplicate voting by securely verifying the uniqueness of each voter without storing sensitive personal data.

### Authentication
- **Local authentication** with secure password hashing
- **Google OAuth** integration
- **Session-based authentication** with secure cookies
- **Role-based access control** (admin/user roles)

### Content Management
- Rich text content creation with TipTap editor
- Comment system with threaded discussions
- File upload and image processing

### Analytics & Reporting
- Comprehensive analytics dashboard for platform insights
- User engagement tracking and statistics
- Poll popularity and participation metrics
- Activity trend analysis with visual charts

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: React with TypeScript
- **Routing**: Wouter
- **State Management**: TanStack Query
- **UI Components**: Radix UI primitives with Tailwind CSS
- **Form Handling**: React Hook Form with Zod validation
- **Rich Text**: TipTap editor
- **Maps**: Leaflet with OpenStreetMap

### Backend
- **Runtime**: Node.js with Express.js
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **ORM**: Drizzle ORM
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **Authentication**: Passport.js

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+
- PostgreSQL database

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
DATABASE_URL=your_postgresql_connection_string
SESSION_SECRET=your_session_secret
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_google_oauth_client_id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_google_oauth_client_secret
```

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Push database schema
npm run db:push

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5000`.

## Project Structure

```
├── client/                 # Frontend React application
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/    # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── hooks/         # Custom React hooks
│   │   ├── lib/           # Utility functions
│   │   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   │   └── App.tsx        # Main application entry
├── server/                 # Backend Express application
│   ├── routes.ts          # API routes
│   ├── storage.ts         # Database operations
│   ├── auth.ts            # Authentication configuration
│   └── utils/
│       └── ballot-client.ts # Client for Python Ballot Service
├── ballot_service/         # Python FastAPI Service for Ballot Validation
│   ├── main.py            # Service entry point
│   ├── validator.py       # validation logic
│   └── requirements.txt   # Python dependencies
├── shared/                 # Shared code between frontend and backend
│   └── schema.ts          # Database schema and types
└── package.json

## Ballot Service (Python)

The platform includes a dedicated microservice for validating Gov.gr PDF ballots using digital signature verification.

### Prerequisites (Python)
- Python 3.10+
- pip (Python package manager)

### Installation

```bash
cd ballot_service
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running the Service

```bash
# Activation is required first
source venv/bin/activate

# Run the server
uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8001
```

The service will run at `http://localhost:8001`. The main Node.js application expects this service to be running for PDF validation features to work.

```

## License

Copyright (c) 2024-2026 Miltiadis Triantafyllou. All rights reserved.

This project is proprietary software. No commercial license is granted for this software. Redistribution or use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from the copyright holder.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or submit a pull request.
